Added write permissions feature to Dir section (#98)
matchai/spacefish: docs/Options.md

### Directory \(`dir`\)

> Directory is always shown and truncated to the value of `SPACEFISH_DIR_TRUNC`. While you are in repository, it shows only root directory and folders inside it. If current directory is write-protected or if current user has not enough rights to write in it, a padlock (by default) is displayed as a suffix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Directory is always shown and truncated to the value of `SPACEFISH_DIR_TRUNC`. While you are in Git repository, this section shows only the project title and relevant status icons. If current directory is write-protected or if current user doesn't have write permissions, a padlock (by default) will be displayed as a suffix.
```

Reviewer: This paragraph of text doesn't make much sense and could be quite confusing, here's a quick syntactic clean-up.

| Variable | Default | Meaning |
| :--- | :---: | --- |
| `SPACEFISH_DIR_SHOW` | `true` | Show directory section |
| `SPACEFISH_DIR_SUFFIX` | `$SPACEFISH_PROMPT_DEFAULT_SUFFIX` | Suffix after current directory |
| `SPACEFISH_DIR_TRUNC` | `3` | Number of folders of cwd to show in prompt, 0 to show all |
| `SPACEFISH_DIR_TRUNC_REPO` | `true` | While in `git` repo, show only root directory and folders inside it |
| `SPACEFISH_DIR_COLOR` | `cyan` | Color of directory section |
| `SPACEFISH_DIR_PREFIX` | `in·` | Prefix before current directory |
| `SPACEFISH_DIR_LOCK_SHOW` | `true` | Show directory write-protected symbol |

> | `SPACESHIP_DIR_LOCK_SYMBOL` | ![·🔒](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11844760/47611530-7bf99c00-da8d-11e8-95da-f4ec1f23203a.png) | The symbol displayed if directory is write-protected (requires powerline patched font) |

Reviewer: Why is there an image in here? 😕

| `SPACEFISH_DIR_TRUNC_REPO` | `true` | While in `git` repo, show only root directory and folders inside it |
| `SPACEFISH_DIR_COLOR` | `(set_color --bold cyan)` | Color of directory section |
| `SPACEFISH_DIR_PREFIX` | `in·` | Prefix before current directory |
| `SPACEFISH_DIR_LOCK_SHOW` | `true` | Show directory write-protected symbol |

> | `SPACESHIP_DIR_LOCK_SYMBOL` | ![·🔒](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/matchai/spacefish/master/images/padlock-icon.png) | The symbol displayed if directory is write-protected (requires powerline patched font) |

Reviewer 2: It's better not to add images to repository because they're cloned during installation. Instead we could upload it to comments and then use that link in the doc.

Author: ![46248218-4af95d80-c434-11e8-8e25-595d792503f1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11844760/47611530-7bf99c00-da8d-11e8-95da-f4ec1f23203a.png)
🎉

| `SPACEFISH_DIR_TRUNC_REPO` | `true` | While in `git` repo, show only root directory and folders inside it |

> | `SPACEFISH_DIR_COLOR` | `(set_color --bold cyan)` | Color of directory section |

Reviewer 3: Unrelated to your changes, but I just noticed this:
```suggestion
| `SPACEFISH_DIR_COLOR` | `cyan` | Color of directory section |
```
